Improve CUB device-wide docs (#8654)
NVIDIA/cccl: docs/cub/api_docs/device_wide.rst

   ../api/device

Almost all of CUB's device-wide APIs come in two flavors:

* the traditional two-phase style that requires calling the API twice and managing temporary storage explicitly,
* and the newer single-phase style where temporary storage is obtained from a memory resource in the execution environment.

> Some APIs that do not require any temporary storage may have a traditional single-phase overload in addition to an newer environment one.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Some APIs that do not require any temporary storage may have a traditional single-phase overload in addition to the newer environment-based one.
```
